nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.CrankShaftDeflection
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.CrankShaftDeflection: CrankShaftDeflection()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int black
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int blue
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int blue1
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int cyan
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int cyan2
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int cyan3
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int cyan4
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int cyan5
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int darkblue
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int darkpink
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int green
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int grey
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int highlightgrey
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int red
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int transparent
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$color: int white
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_padding
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_padding
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int logo_horizontal_margin
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$dimen: int logo_vertical_margin
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int bluetooth_turn_on
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int circle_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int gauge
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int layerlist
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int shapes
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int test_be_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int test_bp_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int test_e_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int test_p_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$drawable: int test_t_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int abcd
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int about
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int add_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int app_logo
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int arrow_left_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int arrow_right_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int buttonBluetooth
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int chart_container
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int connected_circle
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankBE
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankBP
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankE
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankH
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankP
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankT
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int crankV
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int cylinderTableListView
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int cylinderorder
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int cyltest
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int deleteEngine
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int device_icon
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int device_name_text_view
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int engineDetail
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int engineDetailTextView
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int engineListView
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int engineName
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int enginedateOfCreation
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int etEngineName
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int etNumOfCylinder
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int export_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int gauge
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int itemTitle
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int itemsubTitle
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int list_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int list_view_layout
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int measureDeflection
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int measuredText
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int modifyEngine
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int nameOfengine
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int percent_battery
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int progressbar_battery
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int result
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int setting
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int turn_off_bluetooth_layout
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvBE
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvBP
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvCylinderNumber
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvE
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvEngineName
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvP
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int tvT
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$id: int update_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int about_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int cyliner_test_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int engine_detail
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int engine_list_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int listviewengine
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int listviewitem
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int listviewtable
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int main_menu_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int result_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$layout: int setting_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int engine_popup_menu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int menu_cyliner_test
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int menu_engine_list
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int menu_main
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int menu_result
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$menu: int menu_setting
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_add_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_archive_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_bluetooth_disabled_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_bluetooth_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_delete_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_delete_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_description_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_description_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_help_outline_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_help_outline_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_keyboard_arrow_left_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_keyboard_arrow_left_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_keyboard_arrow_right_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_keyboard_arrow_right_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_list_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_list_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_lock_black_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_phone_android_black_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_settings_white_24dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int ic_settings_white_48dp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int orion
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$mipmap: int speed_meter
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int BE
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int BP
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int E
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int P
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int T
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int about_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int about_text
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int action_settings
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int add_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int app_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int bluetooth_device_list
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int connect_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int cylinder_number
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int cyls_test_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int deflection_data
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int delete_engine_menu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int detail_engine_menu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int device_name_not_set
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int disconnect_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int disconnected
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int engine_list_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_be
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_bp
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_e
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_hf
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_left_corner
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_p
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_t
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int export_vf
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int global_object_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hello_world
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hint_crankshaft_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hint_device_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hint_empty_device_name
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hint_number_of_cylinder
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int hint_password
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int horizontal_deflection
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int measure_deflection_menu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int menu_settings
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int modify_engine_menu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int no_bt_support
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int no_connected_device
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int pref_commands_ending
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int pref_commands_mode
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int pref_log_direction
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int pref_log_timing
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int pref_need_clean
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int results_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int setting_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int stand_deflection
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_activity_about
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_activity_engine_list
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_cylinder_test_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_engine_list_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_main_menu_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_result_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int title_setting_screen
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int turn_off_bt_message
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int update_btn
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$string: int vertical_deflection
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$style: int AppTheme
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$style: int DialogTheme
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.R$style: int PopupMenu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.About
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.About: About()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.CylinderTest
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.CylinderTest: CylinderTest()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.CylinderTest: void nextCylinder(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.CylinderTest: void prevCylinder(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.CylinderTest: void addCylinder(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.EngineList
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.EngineList: EngineList()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.EngineList: void addEngine(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.EngineList: void updateEngine(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu: MainMenu()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu: void engineList(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu: void setting(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu: void about(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.MainMenu: void result(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Result
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Result: Result()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Result: void showEngineListPopup(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Result: void exportCurrentEngine(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Setting
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Setting: Setting()
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.activity.Setting: void onOffBluetooth(android.view.View)
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.common.Cylinder: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.common.Engine: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.sqlite.SQLiteConnector: java.lang.Long updateEngine(nsl.orion.crankshaftdeflectiongauge.common.Engine,java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: org.achartengine.model.SeriesSelection getCurrentSeriesAndPoint()
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: void setZoomRate(float)
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: android.graphics.RectF getZoomRectangle()
org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type: org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type[] values()
org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type: org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle: org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle[] values()
org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle: org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type[] values()
org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation: org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation[] values()
org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation: org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.renderer.XYSeriesRenderer$FillOutsideLine$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.XYSeriesRenderer$FillOutsideLine$Type[] values()
org.achartengine.renderer.XYSeriesRenderer$FillOutsideLine$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.XYSeriesRenderer$FillOutsideLine$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
